Krikkit
Krikkit is am immensely xenophobic planet. The people of Krikkit are just a bunch of really sweet guys who just happen to want to kill everybody.
The people of Krikkit were surrounded by a Dust Cloud, their single sun with its single world, and they were right out on the utmost eastern edge of the galaxy. Because of the Dust Cloud there had never been anything to see in the sky. At night it was totally blank. During the day there was the sun, but you couldn't look directly at that so they didn't. They were hardly aware of the sky. It was as if they had a blind spot that extended 180 degrees from horizon to horizon.
The reason they why they had never thought to themselves "We are alone in the Universe," was that until one night, they didn't know about the Universe.
Imagine never even thinking, "We are alone," simply because it has never occurred to you that there's any other way to be.
On this fateful night, the people of Krikkit became aware of a thin roaring scream high up in the sightless sky above them, but none of them seemed to know what to do with it. They were glancing around themselves in consternation, left, right, forward, backward, even at the ground. It never occurred to them to look upward.
The profoundness of the shock and horror they emanated a few moments later when the burning wreckage of a spaceship came hurtling and screaming out of the sky and crashed about half a mile from where they were standing was something that you had to be there to experience.
As a direct result, they built Krikket One, the first spaceship ever built by the people of Krikkit.
Their brains had been very slightly turned by the nearby crash of the alien spaceship. They had spent weeks stripping every tiniest last secret out of the wreckage of that burnt-up spaceship, all the while singing lilting spaceship-stripping ditties. They had then built their own ship and this was it.
Pow, they took off.
They roared into the sky like a ship that knew precisely what it was doing. The trip passed uneventfully for awhile, but slowly they arrived at the inner perimeter of the hollow, spherical Dust Cloud that surrounded their sun and home planet, occupying as it were, the next orbit out.
It was more as if there were a gradual change in the texture and consistency of space. The darkness seemed to thrum and ripple past them. It was a very cold darkness, a very blank and heavenly darkness, it was the darkness of the night sky of Krikkit. They were now on the very boundary of the historical consciousness of their race. This was the very limit beyond which none of them had ever speculated, or even known that there was any speculation to be done.
They flew out of the cloud.
They saw the staggering jewels of the night in their infinite dust and their minds sang with fear.
"It'll have to go," the men of Krikkit said as they headed back for home.
On the way back home they sang a number of tuneful and reflective songs on the subjects of peace, justice, morality, culture, sport, family life, and the obliteration of all other life forms.
Overnight the whole population of Krikkit was transformed from being charming, delightful, intelligent if whimsical, ordinary people, into charming, delightful, intelligent, whimsical, manic xenophobes. The idea of a Universe didn't fit into their world picture, so to speak. They simply couldn't cope with it. And so, charmingly, delightfully, intelligently, whimsically if you like, they decided to destroy it.
The Krikkit attack on the Galaxy was stunning. Thousands and thousands of huge Krikkit warships had leapt suddenly out of hyperspace and simultaneously attacked thousands and thousands of major worlds, first seizing vital material supplies for building the next wave, and then calmly zapping those worlds out of existence.
They utilized millions of lethal white robots. These had really struck terror into the hearts of everyone who had encountered them- in most cases, however, the terror was extremely short-lived, as was the person experiencing the terror. They were savage, single-minded flying battle machines. They wielded formidable multifunctional battleclubs that brandished one way knocked down buildings, brandished another way fired blistering Omni-Destructo Zap rays, and brandished a third way launched a hideous arsenal of grenades, ranging from minor incendiary devices to Maxi-Slorta Hypernuclear Devices that could take out a major sun. Simply striking the grenades with the battleclubs simultaneously primed them and launched them with phenomenal accuracy over distances ranging from mere yards to hundreds of thousands of miles.
The Galaxy, which had been enjoying a period of unusual peace and prosperity at the time, reeled like a man getting mugged in a meadow.
This is the only explanation anyone has yet managed to come up with for the unimaginable speed with which the people of Krikkit had pursued their new and absolute purpose- the destruction of everything that wasn't Krikkit.
It is also the only explanation for their bewildering sudden grasp of all the hypertechnology involved in building their thousands of spaceships, and their millions of lethal white robots.

The planet of Krikkit was sentenced by the Galactic Court to be encased for perpetuity in an envelope of Slo-Time, inside which life would continue almost infinitely slowly. All light would be deflected around the envelope so that it would remain invisible and impenetrable. Escape from the envelope would be utterly impossible unless it was unlocked form the outside.
When the Universe came to its final end, when the whole of creation reached its dying fall, and life and matter ceased to exist, then the planet of Krikkit and its sun would emerge from its Slo-Time envelope and continue a solitary existence, such as it craved, in the twilight of the Universal void.
The Lock would be on an asteroid that would slowly orbit the envelope.
The Key would be the symbol of the Galaxy- the Wicket Gate.
One lost Krikkit warship was able to unlock the Slo-Time envelope after assembling the pieces of the Key. Marvin was linked to the central intellgence core of the Krikkit War Computer.
It has been said that on Earth alone in our galaxy is Krikkit (or cricket) treated as a fit subject for a game, and that for this reason the Earth has been shunned; this only applies to our Galaxy, and more specifically to our dimension. In some higher dimensions, they feel they can more or less please themselves, and have been playing a peculiar game called Brockian Ultra-Cricket for whatever their transdimenional equivalent of billions of years is.